website text:
1. Why is JavaScript so Important? When you know it and learn the strategy behind the software programming, you could to run with any project and position.
For examples lets go to https://www.instagram.com/rotemncreative/
Aviv, please add you value from this and what you like and specltiies. 
#userinterface #productmanagement #consulting #javascriptdeveloper #frontenddevelopment #softwareprogramming #userexperience #technology #softwareducition #producteducition #JS #uiux #animation #frontend

2. Do you have a business? Product or service? Do you want customers to buy and use it? If you are here, you answer "yes".
Understand a simple thing, deciding that you are aiming for the success of your business and product is a 5 second decision. 
You need to be committed to it and have the appropriate resources for it. From here, we need to know how to get there? Translate 
accordingly what you have to offer to leverage and realize your success. I am not a saleswoman, but I understand the field well from 
the angle of product areas, human engineering, design, consulting and marketing. Let's take the apple company, for example, with 
the help of design, proper marketing, differentiating their product from their competitors, so "apple" has become a successful and 
dominant company in its field.

3. The communication circle with customers and digital has many angles. One of the more important angles is marketing. Marketing = Art. 
Creating experiences is one thing but creating experiences to hear about is a very important marketing component! You may be very 
talented but no one knows you. How will people come to you? How will customers choose your business? Why should they use your product? 
In order to reach the goal you are aiming for, for that there are unique paths and strategies. Think of a plane that needs to reach a certain destination 
and at the end of the flight to land successfully. It's time to join the experiences and reach the desired goal.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa7i5YGQcZgMo9BAkIfEYLA

Photography and directing : Danny Motale - Rotem Creative

4. Coaching and being part of the music equation is a huge part of the media circuit. In the team approach as part of the virtue method. 
I help create better experiences and realize the message correctly. When you ask what is this coaching? Or what is Creative / Product 
Management? That's exactly what it means. The talent, the process facilitator and the audience are a huge part of better experiences. 
Let me and you together reach for better experiences! Branding, management, mentoring and human engineering in branding and 
music specialization, is our specialization and pleasure. We would love to add value and take your brand or business to the coveted 
destination. It can be fulfilled and put together in a comprehensive process: from the consulting, characterization, management, design, 
marketing and technology stages.
How is a product and brand born and grown? Like a song! Define, dance and create with the experiences. Come and see the song and 
production that our producer and director "Danny Media" - Danny Motala director and talented producer who has worked and created 
in the past with Michal Yanai and many others.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHj9Ky5OOXw

5. Every person has a path in the communication circuit. The path to realizing your self is a journey with many paths. According to 
"game theory" be part of the circle and gradually reveal the cards. So what's your card to reveal now? Join in and participate
Creative,  Director, coauthor, characterist, designer and human factors engineer : Rotem Narder
Thanks to production participants : Gilat Dor 
Photographer : Danny Motale
Producer and director : Rene Fridja 
This is my card. You are welcome to join us for YouTube experiences:
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiiXPtNN8t8
爪专祝 转转 

6. Coaching, thought design and human engineering
Rotem Creative - When creativity and experiences meet! Expernices are the main goal. 
Rotem Narder is the owner of Rotem Creative and advising for:
business, education, technology, design, marketing and human engineer.
I'm also mentoring for creativity and innovation :)

#kfs #coaching #coach #adviser #fullfilment #designforsuccess #product #business #humanengineer #technologyadvising #mentoring #create #innovate #uiuxleader #ux #creativity #education #mangamentconsulting #progremmingforsuccess #mentoring

Check out and follow our business 

https://www.facebook.com/RotemCreative

https://www.instagram.com/rotemncreative/

7. What is the immense power in the branding and consulting communications circuit?
The connection between communication, music and acting => Experiencing messages in the form of experience and connecting 
the creative with the experiences! When you have a message and creativity, it's important to empower them and address some 
key fronts! A song or production is not a superficial concept and requires branding that takes into consideration and empowers some angles猸锔 
An artist without a focused branding and without intention cannot reach the potential inherent in it. Beyond the work itself, you 
want your voice and message to reach the audience. Conversion and exposure data that reflects what you are, is important data !!! 
So let's understand what branding and creative management is, many years ago at the age of 20 I made a decision in the 90th minute. 
Instead of going on a neurological path, I decided to go in other directions. There will always be the side that wants to help, the one 
that intrigues the same processes, but in the end I decided that technology and consulting was my place. The operating room seemed 
too cold to my essence. So from there I chose different paths. As part of acceptance, we learn that out of all the abundance we have 
to choose what is realistic and possible. In my opinion, the team is more presentable. Accept some of the equation you can give and receive. 
What other factors do not have :)
The corona virus has its roots in the world and I decided to take away from its sourness and reality in general as a more friendly approach 
and make it lemonade. There is nothing 100% perfect in everything and you have to accept the fact and not chase imaginary perfection.
From an early age, I felt that I had a major purpose: defining, designing and realizing experiences (this has to do with the product / communication 
field and also the world of more consultative content of a way of life).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QF2QEnZOGfk
Photography and Directed by: Danny Motale - Rotem Creative
爪专祝 转转

8. 注专 注 拽爪 转拽转 rotem's lifestyle
驻专拽 .  爪专 注转 驻专拽 专拽   转 转 注  专 注专 注 转拽转 posts content.

9. 爪专 砖 转 注专转  转专 砖 砖 专 住. 转 :)
 






